[updates] modularize expo-updates without further app setup (#14198)
expo/expo: packages/expo-updates/README.md

The condition under which `expo-updates` should automatically check for (and download, if one exists) an update upon app launch. Possible values are `ALWAYS`, `NEVER` (if you want to exclusively control updates via this module's JS API), or `WIFI_ONLY` (if you want the app to automatically download updates only if the device is on an unmetered Wi-Fi connection when it launches).

| iOS plist/dictionary key | Android Map key | Android meta-data name                             | Default | Required? |
| ------------------------ | --------------- | -------------------------------------------------- | ------- | --------- |
| `EXUpdatesLaunchWaitMs`  | `launchWaitMs`  | `expo.modules.updates.EXPO_UPDATES_LAUNCH_WAIT_MS` | `0`     | ❌        |

The number of milliseconds `expo-updates` should delay the app launch and stay on the splash screen while trying to download an update, before falling back to a previously downloaded version. Setting this to `0` will cause the app to always launch with a previously downloaded update and will result in the fastest app launch possible.

## Customizing automatically setup

> From `expo-updates@>=0.9.0`, we support the setup to iOS AppDelegate and Android MainApplication automatically. If you want to do some customizations, for instance, to enable updates only on some build variants. You could disable the auto setup and add custom logic in AppDelegate/MainApplication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In `expo-updates@0.9.0` and above, we support automatic installation of the module in the iOS AppDelegate.m and Android MainApplication.java classes. If you want to customize the installation, e.g. to enable updates only in some build variants, you can add custom logic in AppDelegate/MainApplication and set the following keys to `false` in order to disable the automatic setup.
```
